# H2 Trotter circuits for Hadamard test compiled to ICM

## Description

These circuits are generated by converting OpenFermion InteractionOperator molecular Hamiltonians into Hadamard circuits for the QPE algorithm.

The purpose of these circuits is that they serve as a prototype for the resource estimation pipeline for ground state energy estimation of molecules.

We have compiled these circuits to the Initialization, Clifford, Measurement (ICM) operation so that jabalizer can ingest them.

We hope that the tools used here can be scaled up to larger application instances and that the circuits can be plugged into Jabalizer.


## Contact info

Peter Johnson, Zapata Computing peter@zapatacomputing.com

## Files description

- `generating_script.py` - Python script used to generate the circuit.
- `requirements.txt` - file with all the transient dependencies used for generating the circuits
- `time_<T>_error_<E>.json` - circuits are saved as cirq json files with naming convention, where T represents the Hamiltonian simulation time and E is the Hamiltonian simulation trotter error.
- `time_<T>_error_<E>_jabalizer_matrix.csv` - using the jabalizer package, the cirq circuits were converted into the matrix description of the CNOT gates (of the ICM compilation) and stored here as a csv


## Software
[TODO: update the description of what software was used]
- What software has been used to create these circuits? 
- What version of the software? (if not versioned, please provide at least name of the git repo and commit hash, even if it's private and others won't have access to it)
- If using python please store the output of the `pip freeze` command, to make sure we have all the versions of the packages that got involved in generating these circuits.
